Service based section Update companions.md (#191)
aixigo/PREvant: docs/companions.md

### Service Based

> The service-based companions functions the same way as the application-based

Reviewer: The term functions confuses me more. :D Please, just fix the typo

```suggestion
The service-based companions work in the same way as the application-based
```
